TNPG: Maine Lobster (Ruby Friedman + Tony, Samantha Hua + Poppy, Nada Hameed + Ray)
APCS pd07

Activity 1:

1. Piazza, CS Assignments Page, Google Classroom
2. Piazza: Services you use, uploads or posts to the services, account registration
3. Delimited means separated by barriers, like a spreadsheet. It allows us to distinguish data.
4. You can run cases that are specific to that type, or print it and interpret it for yourself.
5. Cooking, jewelry-making
6. (We need questions that are not easy to answer, questions that we can test to find the answer for)
7. Emotional consequences, level of difficulty
8. A larger data set with more records can allow you to store more DATA and run more tests and come up with more concrete results.
9. Collected user data could help advertisements cater toward the user’s interests.
10. Third party services or feedback/rating form
11. We accept cookies to gain access to certain websites’ data. The websites’ data is more important than personal privacy.

Activity 2:

1. Cereal
2. Which cereal has the lowest number of calories?
3. public class Cereal
4. 2
5. brand -> String, calNumber -> int
8. Which cereals have the same number of calories?
9. Which cereal has the highest vitamin levels?
10. We could add a new instance variable called vitLvl and then use that to compare to other cereal brands.

Activity 3:

1. Atlanta, Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA is 65.0F
2. KART -> Watertown, Watertown International Airport, NY is 52.0F
4. 48
5. We could filter the stations by state.
6. Pago Pago
7. Which state has the most weather stations?
8. Not a lot, you just have to traverse with a for loop.

Activity 4:
1. What is the lowest avocado prices have ever been?
2. The name of the data set is avocado prices.
3. We first looked through the data sets to see what data sets interests us. Upon deciding on a data set to move forward with, we thought of how to manipulate the data to answer a related question, and then, using Cereal.java as a sort of reference, we wrote code that would answer our question based on our data set.
4. public class Avocado
	instance variables: String date, double AveragePrice, String type, int year, String region, int TotalVolume
5. ArrayList<AvocadoPrices> allstns = ds.fetchList("AvocadoPrices", "avocado/date"
       "avocado/averagePrice", "avocado/type",
       "avocado/year", "avocado/region", "avocado/volume");
